{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}/docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. figure:: images/AiiDA_transparent_logo.png
    :width: 250px
    :align: center

The {{cookiecutter.plugin_name}} plugin for `AiiDA`_
=====================================================

``{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}`` is available at http://github.com/{{cookiecutter.github_user}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   user_guide/index
   module_guide/index

If you use this plugin for your research, please cite the following work:

.. highlights:: Author Name1, Author Name2, *Paper title*, Jornal Name XXX, YYYY (Year).

If you use AiiDA for your research, please cite the following work:

.. highlights:: Giovanni Pizzi, Andrea Cepellotti, Riccardo Sabatini, Nicola Marzari,
  and Boris Kozinsky, *AiiDA: automated interactive infrastructure and database
  for computational science*, Comp. Mat. Sci 111, 218-230 (2016);
  http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2015.09.013; http://www.aiida.net.


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

.. _AiiDA: http://www.aiida.net

Commit message:

add developer docs
fix #15

 * add note on running tests
 * add notes on setting up travis
 * add note on setting up rtd
 * update get-started user docs

{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}/docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. figure:: images/AiiDA_transparent_logo.png
    :width: 250px
    :align: center

The {{cookiecutter.plugin_name}} plugin for `AiiDA`_
=====================================================

``{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}`` is available at http://github.com/{{cookiecutter.github_user}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   user_guide/index
   developer_guide/index
   module_guide/index

If you use this plugin for your research, please cite the following work:

.. highlights:: Author Name1, Author Name2, *Paper title*, Jornal Name XXX, YYYY (Year).

If you use AiiDA for your research, please cite the following work:

.. highlights:: Giovanni Pizzi, Andrea Cepellotti, Riccardo Sabatini, Nicola Marzari,
  and Boris Kozinsky, *AiiDA: automated interactive infrastructure and database
  for computational science*, Comp. Mat. Sci 111, 218-230 (2016);
  http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2015.09.013; http://www.aiida.net.

``{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}`` is released under the MIT license. 

{%if cookiecutter.contact_email!=""%}Please contact {{ cookiecutter.contact_email }} for information concerning ``{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}`` and the `AiiDA mailing list <http://www.aiida.net/mailing-list/>`_ for questions concerning ``aiida``.{%endif%}


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

.. _AiiDA: http://www.aiida.net
