{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}/docs/source/developer_guide/index.rst, before:

===============
Developer guide
===============

Running the tests
+++++++++++++++++

The following will discover and run all unit test::

    pip install -e .[testing]
    python manage.py

Continuous integration
++++++++++++++++++++++

``{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}`` comes with a ``.travis.yml`` file for continuous integration tests on every commit using `Travis CI <http://travis-ci.org/>`_. It will:

#. run all tests for the ``django`` and ``sqlalchemy`` ORM
#. build the documentation
#. check coding style and version number (not required to pass by default)

Just enable Travis builds for the ``{{ cookiecutter.repo_name}}`` repository in your Travis account. 

Online documentation
++++++++++++++++++++

The documentation of ``{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}``
is ready for `ReadTheDocs <https://readthedocs.org/>`_:

#. Add the ``{{ cookiecutter.repo_name}}`` repository on your RTD profile, preferably using ``{{ cookiecutter.plugin_name}}`` as the project name
#. In **Admin => Advanced settings => Requirements file** enter ``docs/requirements_for_rtd.txt``

Done.

PyPI release
++++++++++++

Your plugin is already prepared for being uploaded to the `Python Package Index <https://pypi.org/>`_.
Just register for an account and::

    pip install twine
    python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel
    twine upload dist/*

After this, you (and everyone else) should be able to::

    pip install {{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}

Commit message:

add note on enabling pre-commit hooks
fix #25

{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}/docs/source/developer_guide/index.rst, after:

===============
Developer guide
===============

Running the tests
+++++++++++++++++

The following will discover and run all unit test::

    pip install -e .[testing]
    python manage.py

Automatic coding style checks
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Enable enable automatic checks of code sanity and coding style::

    pip install -e .[pre-commit]
    pre-commit install

After this, the `yapf <https://github.com/google/yapf>`_ formatter, 
the `pylint <https://www.pylint.org/>`_ linter
and the `prospector <https://pypi.org/project/prospector/>`_ code analyzer will
run at every commit.

If you ever need to skip these pre-commit hooks, just use::

    git commit -n


Continuous integration
++++++++++++++++++++++

``{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}`` comes with a ``.travis.yml`` file for continuous integration tests on every commit using `Travis CI <http://travis-ci.org/>`_. It will:

#. run all tests for the ``django`` and ``sqlalchemy`` ORM
#. build the documentation
#. check coding style and version number (not required to pass by default)

Just enable Travis builds for the ``{{ cookiecutter.repo_name}}`` repository in your Travis account. 

Online documentation
++++++++++++++++++++

The documentation of ``{{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}``
is ready for `ReadTheDocs <https://readthedocs.org/>`_:

#. Add the ``{{ cookiecutter.repo_name}}`` repository on your RTD profile, preferably using ``{{ cookiecutter.plugin_name}}`` as the project name
#. In **Admin => Advanced settings => Requirements file** enter ``docs/requirements_for_rtd.txt``

Done.

PyPI release
++++++++++++

Your plugin is ready to be uploaded to the `Python Package Index <https://pypi.org/>`_.
Just register for an account and::

    pip install twine
    python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel
    twine upload dist/*

After this, you (and everyone else) should be able to::

    pip install {{cookiecutter.plugin_name}}
